Indian Politics refers to the activities of the political parties associated with the governance and administration of India at every level, viz. national, state, district and panchayat level.

A Politician is person who is professionally involved in politics. Usually, he has good influence over the general people.


 
It is often said that politics is the art and technique of government. Every idea has an intention, similarly political idea also has the intention for implementation, but many people see this with negative mindset. It includes the activities to stay in power or to influence the government policies. It also includes the law-making policies and procedure.

Introduction to Indian Politics

Mahatma Gandhi stated about the place of ethics in politics. He told that politics without ethics and principles were not desirable. The principles are the moral principles. According to his philosophy political, life should be governed by truth, morality and self-purification. Gandhiji’s politics were bound up with truth and non-violence. He also prescribed that country should concern with the morals of her leaders. Devotion to truth was drawn by him to half corruption. He had no intention to indulge the religious matter. He interpreted that religious matter is a death-trap because it kills the soul.

He also expressed that “For me there is no politics without religion, not the religion of the superstitions or the blind religion that hates and fights, but the universal religion of toleration”.

Roles and responsibilities of Politicians

The role of the Politicians is to deal with national issues and drive the country in full gear. They should aim at improving the economic, financial, military strength of the country.

Economic development of all the sections of the society should be the aim of politicians. They should come forward in support of public-welfare schemes such as food for all, house for all, education for all, etc.

It is the duty of the Politicians to check corruption, nepotism, crisis in politics and ethnic problems. They should work to bring communal harmony.

They should exercise wisdom in every work of national politics. They should practice ethical culture. The political parties should try to build confidence of political wisdom by their good work.

People expect good qualities in a politician. They expect them to be trustworthy.

They should come forward to check and stop unlawful activities.

Disappointment

People go to vote but they have unpopular leaders of popular parties. Only symbols are elected not politicians. This scenario shows that, often, people are being disappointed by our political leaders. They may devalue the public-moral and erode the very essence of democracy.

Money also plays a dominant role in the Indian politics, especially during election. Vote is purchased by the party men. Ambitions, influential people impact on every country’s political set up.

Conclusion

Finally, it can be admitted to all that politicians should be free from vitiated politics.

They should have a constructive view in respect of welfare of mass.

They would always try to eradicate the corruption from the national life by root and branch and at the same time they can reach to their honest goal by hearkening to the inconveniences of the public.

Society can find emancipation of deep-rooted troubles of their own by following their constructive uttering’s.