Delhi-based advocate Shailendrasinh Jat, who was arrested by the Gujarat Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) last month in connection with the alleged kidnapping of a Rajkot jeweller in 2000, walked out of jail on Thursday evening after a trial court granted him bail.\r\nJat, a resident of Sector-5 in Rohini, Delhi, was picked up from his residence in the wee hours of May 15 by ATS and was handed over to the Detection of Crime Branch of Rajkot city police. The Crime Branch, which is investigating the case, had secured his custody till May 23. But as his remand ended, Jat was sent to judicial custody by a local court in Rajkot.\r\nJeweller Bhaskar Parekh and his friend Paresh Shah were allegedly kidnapped at gunpoint near Trikon Baug on November 11, 2000 by a gang, on the orders of a mafia group based in Dubai. The group is supported by Asif Reza Khan and Aftab Ahmed Ansari, the alleged founding member of terrorist outfit Indian Mujahideen. Shah was rescued from Bharuch on November 26 by police after an operation. But Parekh was taken to Delhi. He was released by kidnappers on December 1, 2000 only after they were paid Rs 1.5 crore ransom, say DCB. The money was to be used for funding terror activities in India and carry out attacks on politicians, said police.The investigators said that the car which was used to release Parekh in Delhi belonged to Jat. A Rajkot court had declared Jat an absconder after he remained out of the police net till ATS finally nabbed him in May.\r\nAfter he was sent to judicial custody, Jat, who practices law at Rohini court, moved Rajkot District and Sessions Court on May 23 for bail. Exercising its discretionary power, the court of additional sessions judge Harsh Trivedi granted him bail on June 8.\r\nOpposing the bail plea, the public prosecutor, in a submission before the court, claimed that Jat was involved in a conspiracy hatched by an international gang, and that he had remained on the run for almost 16 years.\r\nJat\u0092s lawyer Piyush Shah told The Indian Express that his client was a law-abiding citizen and the court granted him bail exercising its discretionary power.\r\n\u0093But our defence was that police never made serious efforts to reach to Jat. Police went to Delhi only once to look for my client in all these years. Nor did he know that he was wanted in the case until ATS picked him up.\r\n\u0093Therefore, he was not an absconder. He is a law-abiding citizen and an advocate and the court granted him bail exercising its discretionary power,\u0094 he said.\r\nThe court granted bail to Jat appreciating that he is unlikely to flee from justice.\r\n\u0093In view of the matter, considering the role attributed to the present applicant and without touching to the merits and demerits of the allegations, I am inclined to release the applicant\u0097accused on bail by exercising discretionary power. As the applicant is active legal practitioner in Delhi, having his family there, he is not likely to flee away from justice,\u0094 the judge stated in his order.\r\nAfter the court granted him bail on a bail bond of Rs 2,5000 and orders to surrender his passport within a week, Jat was released from Rajkot Central Jail on Thursday evening.\r\nHis advocate Shah said that Jat surrendered his passport to the trial court on Friday and had left for Delhi.\r\nJat was the 51st accused to be arrested in the case. Two others accused in the case, Asif Reza Khan and Rajsi Hathiya Mer, were killed in police encounter. The remaining all are out on bail. Ansari was later convicted in the alleged terrorist attack on American Centre in Kolkata.