City police on Thursday arrested a retired senior accountant for allegedly giving contract to kill his own son and also nabbed two others who carried out the alleged murder a day ago for money.\r\nDipesh Vasoya (33), a resident of Manhar Plot area of the city, had gone missing since he went outside on Tuesday evening to meet a man who rang him up to inform that he had found the former\u0092s lost mobile phone. But on Wednesday morning, Dipesh, the elder son of Naran Vasoya (63), a retired senior accountant of Accountants General of Gujarat, was found dead in a ditch in Raiyadhar area with his second also missing.\r\nBased on a tip off, police intercepted one Mansukh Vadoliya and his nephew Ravi (23) in Gandhigram area while they were passing by there on their motor-bike on Thursday morning. Police questioned them about two mobile phones they were carrying but they couldn\u0092t give any satisfactory answer. On further probe, Ravi and Mansukh confessed that the two mobile phones belonged to Dipesh. The duo also claimed that it was Naran who had given them a contract to kill Dipesh.\r\nBased on this information, Gandhigram-II police arrested elderly Naran later in the morning. Police said Dipesh was killed for multiple reasons. \u0093Dipesh wold beat up his father often after quarrels. On the other hand, Naran suspected if Dipesh was his biological son. Naran had also purchased insurance policies in the name of his son and to claim the insurance is also one of the reasons the father gave contract to kill his son,\u0094 said city police commissioner Anupam Singh Gehlot.\r\nPolice said Naran was the key conspirator of his son\u0092s murder. He contacted Mansukh, who had done masonry work at the former\u0092s home, and offered Rs 5 lakh for bumping off Dipesh. The mason, a resident of Gandhigram agreed, police said, as he was in need of money. As part of the conspiracy, Naran stole away one of the two mobile phones of his son and gave it to Mansukh on Monday. Mansukh took help of Ravi who rang up Dipesh on Tuesday evening and asked the victim to go to Madhapar Chowkady for collecting his stolen phone from him. But when Dipesh reached Madhapar Chowkadi, Ravi asked him to accompany him to a place where his uncle was waiting for them with the phone.\r\nBut as soon as they reached a secluded stretch of a road in Raiyadhar, Mansukh, who had been hiding there, hit Dipesh with an iron pipe on head. The duo later dragged Dipesh\u0092s body to the ditch and sped away on their motorbike with two phones of the victim.\r\n\u0093Naran has already paid Rs 4.5 lakh to Mansukh and had committed the balance payment after the murder. We have recovered two phones of the victim from the physical possession of the accused. Besides, we have also collected forensic evidence from the crime scene. We also have evidence that Mansukh and Naran were in contact with each other after the murder,\u0094 Gehlot further said.\r\nPolice said that Dipesh had married twice and divorced as many times. He was working as an accountant in a factory on the outskirts of the city. The commissioner said that Naran had given Rs5 lakh contract to Mansukh last year also for eliminating his younger son Pratik and wife Smita but had changed his mind later on.\r\nOn the basis of complaint filed by Smita, police have booked Naran, Mansukh and Ravi for Dipesh\u0092s murder.